Doc added and project updated (#39)
kalmarek/KnuthBendix.jl: doc/DesignPrinciples.md

Before describing automata itself we should describe a single state in it.
`KnuthBendix.State{N, W}<:KnuthBendix.AbstractState` struct is indexed by two parameters:
* `N` the length of the alphabet we use (a letter and its inverse are considered as two distinct elements of the alphabet), and
* `W` particular type of `AbstractWord` that we use.

#### Details of implementation

A state has a `name`: a word corresponding to the shortest path from initial state to the state in mention
(that way it is easy to define a length function for a state - as mentioned in Sims - this is just a length of the name).

A field `terminal` is a boolean which indicates whether the state represents a word,
which is a left-hand side of some rewriting rule in `RewritingSystem`.
In case this is the case (field `terminal` is `true`) field `rrule` should be equal to the `Word` representing
the right-hand side of that rewriting rule.

Field `ined` (incoming edges) is a vector of instances of `State` struct - those instances of `State`
from which there is an edge leading to a state in mention
(so for a `State` with name "abc" there must be - in particular - a `State` with name "ab" in the `ined` list).

> What is more: always on the first place on that list should be a state representing (having field `name`)

Reviewer: why is this first place so important?

Author: It is not a requirement per se - this is just how things are with `makeindexautomaton!` (if you think about how this algorithm works, you will see that this condition is always assured). I think it is nevertheless a condition worth mentioning, as it may be useful if another take at automata will be tried (e.g. automata storing only simple paths).

## Helper structures

### BufferPair

`BufferPair{T} <: AbstractBufferPair{T}` is a pair of `BufferWord{T}` (stored in fields `_vWord` and `_wWord`),
that are used for rewriting.
This structure is used to limit the number of allocations while performing Knuth-Bendix procedure.
Two `BufferPair`s are needed for an efficient rewriting. One is used in rewriting the left-hand side of the rule
and the other in rewriting of the right-hand side (which is performed in `deriverule!`).
`BufferPair`s are stored in `kbWork{T}` helper structure - see below.

### kbWork

`kbWork{T}` is a helper structure used to iterate over rewriting system in Knuth-Bendix procedure.
It has the following fields:
* `i` field is the iterator over the outer loop and
* `j` is the iterator over the inner loop
* `lhsPair` and `rhsPair` are inner `BufferPair`s used for rewriting.
* `_inactiverules` is just a list of inactive rules in the `RewritingSystem` subjected to Knuth-Bendix procedure.

The aim of this structure is to:
* enable deletion of inactive rules (which requires updating working indexes `i` and `j` of Knuth-Bendix procedure).

> This deleation is performed by the `removeinactive!(rws::RewritingSystem, work::kbWork)` function which is called

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This deletion is performed by the `removeinactive!(rws::RewritingSystem, work::kbWork)` function which is called
```

periodically during certain implementations of Knuth-Bendix procedure.

> * reduce the number of allocations caused by rules rewriting (thus there are two `BufferPair`s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* reduce the number of allocations caused by rules rewriting (by maintaining the needed temporary words in `BufferPair`s).
```
